README.md, before:

# MySQL to MongoDB data migration tool

A Node.js script to migrate MySQL data to MongoDB, mapping MySQL tables to MongoDB collections. Retains database name.

## LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Danny Sofftie

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Redo the project into a cli tool

README.md, after:

# MySQL to MongoDB data migration tool

A Node.js script to migrate MySQL data to MongoDB, mapping MySQL tables to MongoDB collections.

Will allow migrations from and to remote sites.

![mysql-to-mongo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17042186/50631158-694f8780-0f54-11e9-89b4-465fc98eb2dd.gif)

## Migrate your existing MySQL data into MongoDB

1. Clone project
    > git clone https://github.com/dannysofftie/mysql-mongo-migrate.git
2. Install dependencies
    > npm install
3. Make it happen :wink:
    > npm migrate

### Roadmap

-   [x] Retrieve MySQL database models and data
-   [x] Generate Mongoose schemas in Typescript
-   [x] Dump MySQL data into MongoDB
-   [ ] Prevent duplicates in subsequent migrations
-   [ ] Support migrations over the network

## LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Danny Sofftie

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
